Chapter 0

Prologue

I am an Earthling from a civilized society.

This was the mantra I repeated whenever I had a moment.

"I am from a civilized society, cough cough!"

If I hadn't kept reminding myself of that, I might have gone mad.

"Oh dear, Mr. Seo. My mother sent this for you."

"Thank you."

"Not at all. Please get well soon and make some more soap!"

The daughter of the Ju family next door places a basket of boiled potatoes beside me and hurries back to her house.

50 years.

It's been 50 years since I fell into this cursed world.

Cough! Cough!

I lie down, coughing.

Yes, it was the day we were going to a company workshop.

I was on my way to the workshop with Director Kim and other company employees.

We were swept away in a landslide, and when we came to our senses, we found ourselves in a strange world.

A fox as big as a house with three tails.

A large red-scaled snake with two heads.

And, beings wielding swords, flying through the sky.

It was a world like the martial arts novels I occasionally read.

Although it was a strange world, we adapted well.

Most of my colleagues probably did quite well.

Except for me.

Director Kim, Chief Oh, Section Chief Jeon, Deputy Manager Kang, Deputy Manager Oh, and Manager Kim, who were in the same car.

Within three days of arriving in this martial world, Section Chief Jeon, Deputy Manager Kang, and Chief Oh caught the eye of the seniors of cultivation sects and became their disciples.

Deputy Manager Oh was taken away by a man from a mysterious background on the fourth day, claiming her as his kin.

And Manager Kim was taken away by an old man riding a giant mechanical puppet on the evening of the fourth day, after he noticed Manager Kim's unique abilities.

Eventually, everyone except for Director Kim and me were chosen by some cultivation sect or cultivators.

But for some reason, Director Kim had a natural talent for martial arts.

He didn't learn cultivation methods, but after working menial jobs with me for six months, he bought a third-rate martial arts technique from a street vendor, and with his tremendous talent, he became a top-notch master and left for the martial world.

Ten years later, I heard he had become one of the top ten martial artists in the world.

Twenty years later, he was known as one of the top three masters in the martial world.

And after thirty years, he became the number one in the world, established the Wulin Alliance, and became its first leader, then disappeared after stabilizing the martial world for ten years.

Rumors say he ascended to a higher realm.

Just like that.

Three of the seven who fell into this world of martial arts became disciples of famous cultivation sects.

One became the kin of a strange man.

One was recognized for her talent by a monster.

And one unleashed his martial arts talent.

Everyone had a happy ending.

Except for me.

Cough! Cough! Cough!

I have no talents, qualities, or special abilities.

‘Section Chief Jeon... he was born with a special constitution called 'Heavenly Golden Thunder Body'...

Deputy Manager Kang also awakened a special root called 'Ghostly Yin Transforming Immortal Root'...

And Chief Oh had a body known as 'Unique Holy Body'.'

And on the fourth day, Deputy Manager Oh awakened a strange ability to summon the rain and clouds.

After Deputy Manager Oh left with the man with mysterious origins, Manager Kim also awakened a unique ability to see everything within a ten-mile radius even with her eyes closed.

Director Kim and I were amazed by these fateful encounters and special privileges from another world.

We two were left behind, hoping that something similar would happen to us.

But neither Director Kim nor I gained any special roots or unique abilities.

In the end, without knowing anything about the situation in this world of martial arts, the two of us worked menial jobs in the marketplace for six months.

And on the sixth month.

Director Kim couldn't stand living like that anymore, spent all his savings on a third-rate martial art skill for physical strength, and learned it.

In three months, he mastered the martial art and became a martial artist.

After becoming a martial artist, Director Kim worked at a courier service, learning more advanced martial arts, and quickly became a powerful warrior, leaving for the martial world.

Leaving me behind.

I, too, hoped that maybe I would have some fateful encounter.

Discover hidden talents.

Awaken a unique ability, or develop a special spiritual root.

I lived in this world with that small hope.

But

Ten years passed.

Twenty years passed.

Thirty years passed.

Nothing happened to me.

Forty years passed.

Fifty years passed.

Cough! Cough!

I am just an old man dying of a cold.

"I am, Earth, Earth..."

Now, just so I don't forget that I'm an Earthling.

I babble to the air.

A noisy old man I've become.

"Huff... Huff..."

Why did we come to this world?

Why did they all awaken unique bloodlines, roots, abilities, and talents?

Why didn't I...?

"Did I gain nothing after all?

For 50 years in this world, I learned the language.

Learned to read and write, worked as a laborer, and barely managed to settle down.

Made a living by making soap from lye.

The soap was useful for the people of this world, which wasn't much different from medieval China, but.

After some thieves stole the method of making my soap and started producing their own,

My soap barely sold anymore.

So, in addition to making soap, I had to forage for medicinal herbs, brew liquor, and take on all sorts of odd jobs to survive in this world.

I was overwhelmed.

For some reason, I can't stop the tears from flowing.

'Why... me...'

Was it simply because I wasn't chosen?

No, it wasn't that.

Even though I wasn't chosen,

Even though I wasn't a special human being,

I used everything I could and lived my life to the fullest.

My past life briefly flashes before my eyes.

The difficulty of learning the language of this world.

The struggle to learn to read and write.

The hardship of earning money to buy a small piece of land.

The difficulty of building a house on that land.

Settling down in the village and getting to know the villagers.

Applying my knowledge from Earth to make and sell soap.

Even setting up a small soap shop.

But after a few third-rate martial artists stole my soap-making technique and opened similar shops,

No one but a few regulars came to my shop anymore.

After that, life got harder, and I had to gather herbs and chop wood.

Just when life was stabilizing, bandits raided the village and took all my money.

I spent my days doing all sorts of odd jobs, barely scraping by...

'Why... did I... who worked so hard... have to be robbed...?'

In this world, I did my best.

But this world denied all my efforts.

'What do you want from me...!'

I shed tears of injustice, sniffling softly on my bed.

It’s winter today.

I’m sick with a cold.

My body is as weak as it can be.

My eyes are closing.

'If only... I had more opportunities... even just a little...'

In the cold winter.

I lie in bed, sick with a cold, ending my persistent life of 50 years.

That was my first return (regression).

"Cough! Huff!"

I open my eyes and hastily get up.

I can clearly feel it.

The moment I closed my eyes and lay on the bed, slipping into darkness.

The moment when the life in my body grew cold and passed away.

I had died.

But why...

"Am I... alive?"

Startled!

Even as I speak, I’m surprised for a moment.

'This... voice...!'

I slowly look down at my body.

It isn't a hand full of wrinkles and lines.

It’s a young hand, full of vitality and life.

I’m wearing something clearly different from the clothes of this world,

The blue shirt and sweatpants I had worn on [Earth].

I look around, trying to grasp the situation.

"Oh my, Du-ya..."

"What's happening?"

"Wh-where am I..."

Director Kim, Chief Oh, Section Chief Jeon, Deputy Manager Kang, Deputy Manager Oh, Manager Kim...

I realize.

'I've returned (regressed)!'

And at the same time, I know.

Shiver!

'I hadn't come to this world without any abilities.'

I have awakened the ability to regress (return)!

Translator Notes: Welcome new readers. I'm glad that you've all decided to join me on witnessing the epic journey of Seo Eun-hyun, the Untalented but Indomintable!

Chapter 1

Regressor's First Day

"What's happening? We were just on our way to a workshop..."

Director Kim, with half his hair scraped off, looks around and stands up.

I try to recall my memories, figuring out where we were in time.

'The first day! It's the first day we landed in this bizarre world!'

I remember how we ended up here.

'We were in an SUV, going to the workshop, then a landslide... We got caught in a landslide... and then something flashed suddenly...'

It's a 50-year-old memory, so it's a bit hazy.

I can't remember clearly.

"Hey, Deputy Manager Seo."

'Now that I've regressed... How should I live...?'

"Deputy Manager Seo."

'Usually, in regression novels, people live well using their future knowledge. But all I know about the future is trivial stuff like Mr. Ju's daughter being born 30 years later...'

"Seo Eun-hyun, Deputy Manager!!!"

"Ah, Section Chief Jeon. Sorry, I was a bit startled."

I snap out of my daydream at Section Chief Jeon Myeong-hoon's shouting.

Deputy Manager.

It’s a title I haven't heard of in so long. I couldn't help but be startled.

Then, I remember the face I haven't seen in a long time.

Section Chief Jeon Myeong-hoon.

Jeon Myeong-hoon.

The nephew of Jeon Myeong-cheol, the executive director of the company I worked for, SJD Company.

He’s 32, three years older than me, but had already snagged the section chief position through nepotism.

'I remember disliking him quite a bit 50 years ago...'

But thinking of it as a face I haven't seen in 50 years, I’m actually quite happy to see him.

After all, isn't he a fellow countryman from my homeland that I'm seeing again after 50 whole years?

It’s time to get along well, I thought.

Swish!

Suddenly, Section Chief Jeon slaps me across the face.

"Deputy Manager Seo! You bastard, didn't you drive the car properly?!"

"Ah..."

I stand there dazed, having been slapped, and quickly erase the thought of him as a fellow countryman.

I had forgotten.

This guy is a bastard.

"You bastard, it's because of you that we're in this mess! Stranded! This, this bastard...!"

It’s when Jeon Myeong-hoon is about to charge at me in anger that Chief Oh stands up and stops him.

"Look here, that's enough. That landslide wasn't something Deputy Manager Seo could have done anything about."

I remember that incident from 50 years ago.

Yes, I was definitely... assigned the role of driving the company SUV.

"Aren't you angry, Chief? Because of this jerk Deputy Manager Seo, we're in this disaster! Where are we now, and where did our SUV go! We're stranded here because of this guy!"

And then, I remember.

I definitely dozed off while driving.

'But, the reason I was dozing off was...'

Jeon Myeong-hoon.

That guy dumped work on me the day before the workshop. Work he had been putting off, forcing me to stay up all night.

"If you were going to doze off, you should have handed the wheel to someone else! What kind of mess is this?"

Thinking about it again.

'Wasn't Jeon Myeong-hoon originally the one in charge of driving?'

That's right. Originally, Jeon Myeong-hoon was supposed to drive. But he, wanting to hit on the female employees in the backseat, forcibly put me in the driver's seat.

"This stupid bastard! We're stranded because of him!"

Ah.

The memories from 50 years ago are coming back clearly.

Back then, I was so flustered and didn't understand what was happening.

So, unwittingly, I apologized to Jeon Myeong-hoon.

I even thought it was my fault.

But looking back on that memory from 50 years ago...

'Has Jeon Myeong-hoon never felt anything like conscience or shame?'

I definitely asked Jeon Myeong-hoon and the female employees a few times to take the wheel for a while.

But Jeon Myeong-hoon, who refused to drive, also prevented the female employees from driving, even though he knew I was sleepy due to overnight work.

As the Deputy Manager, I couldn't ask the chief and director to drive.

I had to drive for four hours without rest despite being sleepy because of Jeon Myeong-hoon.

So...

"Section Chief Jeon... I have something to say."

"Look at him, acting all high and mighty. Yeah, since we're stranded because of Deputy Manager Seo, if you have any conscience, you should apologize..."

"I was extremely sleepy, yes. But to my recollection, I drove the car correctly until the end, even fueling myself with coffee. When the landslide happened, I tried to avoid it. But it was too big to evade, and our car was swept away as it was."

I definitely tried to stop and reverse the car when I saw dirt falling in front of us.

But the side of the mountain next to us almost completely collapsed. It was a disaster I couldn't have avoided no matter how much I tried.

"Section Chief Jeon, I understand you're angry, but it doesn't seem like the time to blame someone."

"This guy... giving lectures in front of who!? You don't even know what you did wrong..."

"Sigh..."

I take a deep breath.

In the life where I didn't know about regression.

For 50 years, I learned how to endure while living tenaciously.

Learning to endure when strong bandits trampled over me and took my money.

Learning to endure when vicious martial artists insulted me.

Learning to endure when local officials took everything I had, even things I didn't have, to collect taxes.

Yes.

In front of those I couldn't handle, enduring was the truth.

But.

"Hey."

"What, what? Hey? Seo Eun-hyun, you bastard, what now?"

Bowing down unnecessarily in front of those I can handle...

Is not what a man does. I learned that too.

"I said it wasn't my fault. Enough is enough."

"Chief, let go of me. This guy is really..."

Thud!

Jeon Myeong-hoon charges at me and strikes my face.

But as soon as he attacks me, I step forward and headbut him.

Boom!

"Aaah...!"

In my past life.

How many times have I been beaten by martial artists?

How many times have I been beaten while gathering herbs in the mountains and encountering bandits?

How many times have I been beaten when a band of robbers invaded during a famine?

Beaten, beaten, and beaten again.

During that senseless violence, I learned something that Jeon Myeong-hoon and others didn't have.

Violence.

Boom!

Thump!

Boom!

As soon as the first headbutt connects, I charge and mercilessly pummel Jeon Myeong-hoon.

"Ugh, wait, wait...!"

"You. Bastard. I. Said. It wasn't. Me."

When beating someone.

When you hit someone in the face, the person being hit feels an immense sense of fear.

The sight obscured by a fist, and the pain that follows in that moment.

The terror of the merciless attacker.

I punch around the eyes of Jeon Myeong-hoon to obscure his vision.

'If you don’t know what you did wrong, at least keep your mouth shut!'

With every punch, the grudges I have against Jeon Myeong-hoon without even realizing it seem to be refreshingly resolved.

Even though 50 years have passed, the vicious bullying Jeon Myeong-hoon inflicted on me in the company was still unforgettable.

“I did, I did something wrong…”

“Sigh…”

By the time an apology came out of the arrogant Jeon Myeong-hoon's mouth, I stopped beating him and looked around.

Director Kim, Chief Oh, Deputy Manager Kang, Deputy Manager Oh, Manager Kim...

Everyone is looking at me with fearful eyes.

Among them, Director Kim speaks to me with a trembling voice.

''Deputy Manager Seo, no matter what, beating a fellow colleague to that extent...''

''Yes, you're right. I'm sorry. But I was so angry at the moment. I apologize for startling everyone. And after all, I was the driver, so I apologize for not doing more at that time.''

I bow neatly to Director Kim and the other employees and apologize.

In fact, except for Director Kim, I will see none of the other people again.

But, Director Kim, I will stay together with.

'Director Kim, if you learn martial arts, you will reach the pinnacle of the world.'

Of course, only in the world of martial arts.

Even though I have returned to the past, I gave up on the idea of joining a cultivation sect.

'What cultivation sect? I don’t have that ability.'

The ability, also known as spiritual roots or spiritual nature.

Without it, it’s impossible to learn the methods of immortal practitioners or even to sense the spiritual energy they cultivate.

If there is something I wish for in this life.

Just...

'I hope I get even a little more opportunity to work harder than in my previous life.'

In the previous life, after Director Kim learned martial arts and left.

He would come to drink with me occasionally.

Even that stopped completely after he reached the peak of his skills.

But this life is different.

'If I actively support Director Kim, maybe some benefits will fall to me.'

To do so, I need to be good to him from now on.

“Right, everyone is in a confusing situation, and Section Chief Jeon pushed too hard. Of course, Deputy Manager Seo also reacted too harshly. Apologize.”

“Yes, Director. You are right.”

After bowing to Director Kim again, I help Section Chief Jeon up and say,

‘'I'm sorry, Section Chief Jeon. I was too harsh. I truly apologize.'’

‘'You... you son of a...'’

As I show humility again, Jeon Myeong-hoon, who seems to have regained his spirit, glares at me.

But as my eyes turn fiercely cold, he eventually avoids my gaze and shuts his mouth.

‘'Anyway, it looks like a forest for now, how about we walk out and find a nearby village?'’

Director Kim looks around and suggests.

The sky is dyed crimson, looking like the sun would set soon, and the wind is getting colder.

Logically, Director Kim's words make sense.

But, in this place, conventional wisdom must be discarded.

'In a world where cultivators become immortals and fly around, and martial artists fight for wealth and honor.'

That is this world.

And, the forest we have fallen into...

I recall the memories from 50 years ago and think of the name of the forest.

'Ascension Path (Ascending to Immortality).'

It’s said to be the best place for many demons and cultivators to ascend to immortality.

A place where the spiritual energy of heaven and earth gathers the most.

There are no villages, cities, or states near Ascension path.

Therefore, what Director Kim is trying to do is meaningless.

What’s more important right now is.

‘Night is coming. We need to start a fire.'

I finish my thoughts and speak to Director Kim,

‘'Director, do you have signal?’'

'’Hmm... It seems the signal is dead.'’

‘'I think if the signal is dead, it will be hard to get rescued, and hard to find our location. Since it’s getting dark, instead of looking for a village we don’t know the location of, it might be better to prepare to stay here tonight.'’

Hearing my words, Section Chief Jeon, who had been quiet, refutes softly,

‘'What are you talking about... Deputy Manager Seo. On the contrary, it’s more dangerous at night, so we need to find a village...'’

‘'Hmm, in my opinion, it’s more dangerous to move recklessly. How about this?'’

I point to a tall tree nearby.

‘'Why don’t you go up that tree and see if there’s a village or even a road nearby? If there’s nothing around, how about we do as I say?'’

‘'Go up that tree? Who's going to climb... it? You, Deputy Manager Seo?'’

‘'Well, if no one else knows how to climb a tree, then I’ll do it.'’

I nod easily and grab the trunk of the tallest nearby tree, slowly climbing up.

I once encountered a wild boar while picking herbs in the mountains.

At that time, I climbed a sturdy tree nearby in a life-or-death situation.

Modern people don’t usually climb trees, but having experienced all sorts of hardships in my previous life before returning, I easily climbed to the top of the big tree.

‘'What do you see? Deputy Manager Seo!'’

Below, Director Kim shouts.

As expected, the vicinity is an endless forest.

There are no roads or villages, let alone any traces of humans.

'Rather, monsters and demons are probably swarming among those trees.'

Instead of shouting back from the tree, I pretend to look around for a while and then climb back down.

‘'Ha, Deputy Manager Seo. You’re really good at climbing trees. That tree looked about 11 meters high.'’

‘'By the way, what kind of tree is this? It looks unfamiliar, like it's not from around here.'’

Director Kim pats me on the shoulder, and Manager Oh looks curiously at the tree I had climbed.

I dust off my hands and tell them what I saw.
